Me, I may have picked up the wrong truth. Wrong call.
Okay, then tell me,
After you enter the room,
How we got involved.
Just, just, just, after I entered the room.
If you were him, you would definitely know,
I went to the wrong room that day,
I go in there often.
I said, I said, that person is not me.
Then how do you know what happened that day.
That day, I went to Dujia,
Then another woman came to the prison again,
I'm not going there anymore.
That day, that day she bumped into me
Then she had her hair loose
I can't see her
I remember her grief
There is an inscription on the announcement page in red.
Sister-in-law, I told you everything
Please let me go on this one
I also acted rashly because of my own thoughts.
You're risking the person I'm looking for
It's okay, I forgive you